In this lecture will test a positive  scenario, this test here, which invokes greeting, dot greet passes
in J unit, and it expects hello J unit to come back.
But now we have a services layer that is being used.
We have already mocked out this class in the test.
We need to stub  out this method when service dot greet  is invoked.
We need to return a response that this class under test should return back.
Whatever response the service gives it, it should return back to do  that.
It is very simple going to this test and use when  from Mockito so the  when is a static import see this
Uptop here from Mockito when the method  call should go here.
Service dot greet method is invoked with what input, whatever input you are passing here to the actual
test that will be passed to the service method .
So when this comes as an input to the service dot  grade, then return the response that we are expecting,
which is Hello J unit.
So we are Stubing out the service layer method call then this guy is invoked  with the Junit, the mocked
version of this service.
It will return hello J unit and the class under test are the object here.
The method under test greet  should return.
Whatever response comes back from that stubed, call that's  it just one line you can right click do a run as
if you don't see the Junit option here go to run configurations under Junit.
Run your greeting  implementation test from next time we can just hit the play button run it
There will be one test that will be passing and there will be two tests that are failing.
So this is the test that has passed.
As you can see, it is green.
The tests that have failed are these two.
We don't have to worry about it.
But this test, as you can see, no failure test it is green will fix the other wto test the exception,
test both have  to do with exceptions.
You will learn how to handle or assert for assertions in Junit   five while mocking you already know
how to assert will simply add another mock here.